README.md, before:

## Feature list:

1. [x] Display the location for each move in the format (col, row) in the move history list.
2. [x] Bold the currently selected item in the move list.
3. [x] Rewrite Board to use two loops to make the squares instead of hardcoding them.
4. [x] Add a toggle button that lets you sort the moves in either ascending or descending order.
5. [x] When someone wins, highlight the three squares that caused the win.
6. [x] When no one wins, display a message about the result being a draw
7. [x] Selecting a previous move in the move history after a player has won removes all highlighting. Selecting the winning move again will highlight the three squares that caused the win.	
8. [x] Backtracking and then playing out a different sequence of moves that result in a different outcome (either different winning squares or winner) will result in the new three squares that caused the resulting win to be highlighted.

Languages

9. [x] Add FR and CN language versions. Add a dropdown button to change game language.

### Netlify
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/09cbb80d-1253-419d-93da-0f743c861058/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/tic-tac-toe-revamped/deploys)

[Link to deployed app](https://tic-tac-toe-revamped.netlify.app/)

Commit message:

update README to add new board coordinates feature

README.md, after:

## Feature list:

1. [x] Display the location for each move in the format (col, row) in the move history list.
2. [x] Bold the currently selected item in the move list.
3. [x] Rewrite Board to use two loops to make the squares instead of hardcoding them.
4. [x] Add a toggle button that lets you sort the moves in either ascending or descending order.
5. [x] When someone wins, highlight the three squares that caused the win.
6. [x] When no one wins, display a message about the result being a draw
7. [x] Selecting a previous move in the move history after a player has won removes all highlighting. Selecting the winning move again will highlight the three squares that caused the win.	
8. [x] Backtracking and then playing out a different sequence of moves that result in a different outcome (either different winning squares or winner) will result in the new three squares that caused the resulting win to be highlighted.
9. [x] Add board coordinates and ensure that moves in move history match them accurately.

Languages

9. [x] Add FR and CN language versions. Add a dropdown button to change game language.



### Netlify
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/09cbb80d-1253-419d-93da-0f743c861058/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/tic-tac-toe-revamped/deploys)

[Link to deployed app](https://tic-tac-toe-revamped.netlify.app/)
